Add environment variables index page (#1661)
ROCmSoftwarePlatform/rocBLAS: docs/reference/env-variables.rst

.. meta::
    :description: rocBLAS environment variables
    :keywords: AMD, rocBLAS, environment variables, environment

.. _rocblas-envvariables:

********************************************************************
Environment variables
********************************************************************

The rocBLAS environment variables are collected in the following
tables.

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1
    :widths: 30, 15, 20, 35

    * - **Environment variable**
      - **Default value**
      - **Links**
      - **Value**

    * - | ``ROCBLAS_USE_HIPBLASLT``

>         | Provide manually control which GEMM backend is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        | Provides manual control over which GEMM backend is used.
```

      - Unset by default.
      - :ref:`Control the GEMM backend <rocblas-tensile_hipblaslt>`
      - | **Unset**: GEMM backend is automatically selected.
        | **0**: Tensile is always used as the GEMM backend.
        | **1**: hipBLASLt is preferred as the GEMM backend, but will fallback to Tensile on problems for which hipBLASLt does not provide a solution or when errors are encountered using the hipBLASLt backend.

    * - | ``ROCBLAS_DEVICE_MEMORY_SIZE``

>         | Set how much memory to preallocate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        | Sets how much memory to preallocate.
```

      - Unset by default.
      - :ref:`rocblas_device_memory_size`
      - | **0 or unset**: Lets rocBLAS manage the device memory.
        | **Bigger than 0**: Sets the default handle device memory size to the specified size (in bytes).

    * - | ``ROCBLAS_DEFAULT_ATOMICS_MODE``

>         | Set the default atomics mode during the creation of ``rocblas_handle``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        | Sets the default atomics mode during the creation of ``rocblas_handle``.
```

      - Unset by default.
      - :ref:`Atomic Operations`
      - | **0**: Sets the default to :any:`rocblas_atomics_not_allowed`

>         | **1**: Sets the atomics to :any:`rocblas_atomics_allowed`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        | **1**: Sets the atomics mode to :any:`rocblas_atomics_allowed`
```

>         | **1**: Sets the atomics to :any:`rocblas_atomics_allowed`

Reviewer 2: Keep prefix "Sets the default ...." for both cases 0 and 1, as that should be repeated

Author: Fixed.

    * - | ``ROCBLAS_STREAM_ORDER_ALLOC``

>         | Allow allocation and free to be stream ordered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        | Allows memory allocation and deallocation to be stream ordered.
```

      - 0
      - :ref:`stream order alloc`
      - | **0**: Disable
        | **1**: Enable

Logging environment variables
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The logging environment variables in rocBLAS are collected in the following

> table. How to use these variables, please check :ref:`logging`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
table. For information on how to use these variables, see :ref:`logging`.
```
